
    Wireshark:
        Wireshark is a network protocol analyzer that can capture and analyze network traffic.

    To use Wireshark:
        Launch Wireshark by typing "wireshark" in the terminal.
        Select the network interface you want to capture traffic on.
        Start the capture and wait for traffic to appear.
        Analyze the captured traffic using the Wireshark interface.

    Ettercap:
        Ettercap is a network sniffer and MITM (Man in the Middle) attack tool.

    To use Ettercap:
        Launch Ettercap by typing "ettercap" in the terminal.
        Select the network interface you want to use.
        Use the "Hosts" menu to select the target host.
        Use the "Mitm" menu to select the type of MITM attack you want to perform.
        Use the "Sniff" menu to start capturing traffic.

    Bettercap:
        Bettercap is a network sniffer and MITM attack tool that supports advanced capabilities such as SSL stripping.

    To use Bettercap:
        Launch Bettercap by typing "bettercap" in the terminal.
        Select the network interface you want to use.
        Use the "net.probe on" command to scan the network for hosts.
        Use the "set arp.spoof.targets" command to select the target host.
        Use the "set arp.spoof.fullduplex true" command to enable full-duplex ARP spoofing.
        Use the "set sniff.remote true" command to enable remote sniffing.
        Use the "set sslstrip.bypass true" command to enable SSL stripping.

    Tcpdump:
        Tcpdump is a command-line network sniffer that can capture and analyze network traffic.

    To use Tcpdump:
        Launch Tcpdump by typing "tcpdump" in the terminal.
        Use the "-i" option to select the network interface you want to use.
        Use the "-n" option to disable name resolution.
        Use the "-s" option to set the snap length for captured packets.
        Use the "-w" option to write captured packets to a file.

    Scapy:
        Scapy is a Python-based network sniffer and packet manipulation tool.

    To use Scapy:
        Launch Scapy by typing "scapy" in the terminal.
        Use the "sniff" function to capture network traffic.
        Use the "send" function to send packets to a target host.
        Use the "sr" function to send packets and receive responses from a target host.

    Hping3:
        Hping3 is a command-line packet crafting and network probing tool.

    To use Hping3:
        Launch Hping3 by typing "hping3" in the terminal.
        Use the "-c" option to specify the number of packets to send.
        Use the "-i" option to specify the interval between packets.
        Use the "-S" option to send TCP SYN packets.
        Use the "-a" option to set the source IP address.
        Use the "-p" option to specify the destination port.
